hi this is Antonina for details here
today with Brendon Mullane for
spring/summer 2015 in his Milan showroom
so Brendon tell me for the season what
was the vision so the whole vision was
really about the 1950s of when Briony
was really strong and they kind of
conquered America that point and that we
had found in the archives and loads of
visual imagery of when we done fittings
on people like Cary Grant Richard Burton
so it was very kind of important for us
we decided to go back to LA and
alongside this we looked really the book
by Judith Shulman on and the film all
about the case study houses that he had
done so it's really kind of inspiration
for us you know inside of how you
captured that whole la lifestyle and how
we could really fight in a sort of sense
and bring this kind of Italian Los
Angeles title mixed together what we had
done actually in the 50s at Briony had
kind of created a new silhouette which
was called the columnar silhouette which
is very much a tapered to jacket with a
naked and narrowed to the trouser so
we've kind of brought this back to give
this kind of more cooler sportier edge
to the Brioni man it is something that
existed from us from the 50s when we
went to America so it's really going
back to the archive and 360 degrees
this season we were very lucky to work
with the LA based artist James whaling
on his iconic floral prints to create
something that was very very Briony
inside he works on a technique of like
multiple triple exposure onto things
where actual florals fuse we created
within the whole exclusive floral prints
for us and then injected the Brioni
color card inside also on top of this
we're taking all of the suitings where
we over dye the fabric so injecting
masses of color into what a typical
sartorial suits from us you have really
bright beetroot pinks magentas turquoise
so it's really like a burst of color for
coming to bloom in the collection what's
the first thing you're gonna do after
your show maybe have one day of rest but
southern nature yes we have a few
projects here it's very exacting
wonderful Brendan thank you so much for
being with us thank you
you